Testing

   URLParser

   1. domain name url -- http://www.kubecloudsinc.com/autotools

   domain www.kubecloudsinc.com

   LHS == RHS

   fromCode
   DomainName   =  www.kubecloudsinc.com

   ActualValue   = ExpectedValue    

   test pass otherwise test fail.


Requirements:

  1. Domain name url the parser should give domain name, path and protocol
  2. ipa ddress url the parser should give ipadd, port, path and protocol
  3. if url is invalid then error message

test case -- http://domainname/path
test case --
test case  ht://fdjkjd/domc
           http://24.25.6/autp
           http://24.25.12.12:10080

Monthfiner
    1 - january
    2- febru
    12 -- decem

    String --

number inavlid    
    >12 
    <1   

Requirements   ----->   test cases 

Test execution
  -- run test cases is called test execution
  manual testing
  code written to test this is called automation 
      if I know the code or have access to code it is unit testing

      Selenium doesn't know the code 

Code deploy -- QA team will test it

username : madhavi@kubecloudsinc.com
pwd: Testing1

Java Enterprise Edition J2EE
  core Java next       

.NET framework  

   client                  server
     ----  http  ---------->
     <----------- HTML   ----
              payload

we don't know the code    

some test might fail
   defect or bug
   		open

     closed or resolve it.

100 test cases again
  regression.

  feature testing + regression 

  Data validation or data integrity testing

  1. if invalid pwd then error message "bad credentials"  should come.
  2. message should be dismissable



  GUI Testing
  Data validation
  Functional or feature

 :::::::::::: TestCases For The AutoTools WebApplication::::::::::::

 1.After opening the webapplication Login It has to show "Login"  on the Menu bar ribbon .
 2.Menu Bar ribbon should be black.
 3.Down the Menu Bar "Auto Tools" should come with BigFont
 4.And in the next line "Login to Auto Tools" should appear  -- ??
 5.next login page has to be appear.
 6. In the login Page "Login to Auto Tools" with bigfont.
 7.Email and Password with textboxes and rememberme in the nextline and "signin"  should be clickable and in the blue color.
 8.if we enter the wrong email or wrong password "Your login attempt was not successful, please try again. Bad credentials" this message should appear 
 9.this error messge should be dismissable.
 10.After login to the next page is with the menu bar is with these Options Auto Tools and employee name and  Employee Details and Region Details.
 11.The menu bar should be black .
 13.Highlight the  options with whitecolor and the rest should be in the gray color.
 14.all the options are clickable ,if you hover the otion and it should be directed to open in the anotherpage.
 15.the employee name has drop down with these two options MyProfile and Logout.
 16.my profile page contains these options User Form as a heading  and remaining are with the text boxes
First Name

Last Name

Title

Organization

Email
Kube Clouds Inc
Password
Password Verification

17.save button should be in blue color and clickable.
18.we must and should enter the firstName,lastName and Email and * symbol next to these options.

19.if we select the EmployeeDetails Options ,the page should appear as Employees as heading and under this  
Id	First Name	Last Name	Email	Phone Number as options
20.Id should hover to the another page with employee details  as employee name with Big and bold font and in the next line 

Email:			
Phone Number:			
Salary:			
Manager:			 
Department:			
Job Title:	

21.these options should appear.

22. the next line Job History: should appear.

23.Region Details:::

should contain Id and name and name should be with hyperlink and it should directed to another page.

Functional
   ask what it is doing?
   gives you the functionality of the application

Login page 
   --- it will let me login to application
   			it won't let me login without proper credentials
   --- it will remember me

User form 
   ---   I can change user details
   			i cannot leave name blank
   ----  I can change password



Data Validation
  ask what data is present on the page?
   gives you indication about data that needs to be validated


Test cases have to written in a professional manner

  -- concise(Short and Sweet)
  -- atomic(no repetetion)
  -- Unambiguous ()  

Test run -- First Run


2 GUI
4 datavalidation
4 functional  






















